                ******DRAGON WARRIOR 3 DROPPED TREASURE FAQ***
                                             Compiled by MI4 REAL
                                             Info provided by xiro


1.1-Intro
1.2-Copyright Notice
1.3-Version History
1.4-The FAQ
1.5-The Enemies that drop nothing section
1.6-E-mail


                                                   1.1-Intro

This FAQ is a list of treasure dropped by the enemies in Dragon Warrior 3. The
list of treasure dropped is in alphabetical order with the enemies listed that
drop the treasure. I started the idea for a FAQ, but xiro was the one who gave
me all the info since he has gotten almost all the treasure and I would have
taken a bit of time compiling the list of treasures I've gotten. All but the
Man-Eater chest and the bosses have treasure, so they aren't listed. I myself
have gotten a lot of treasure, but not as much as xiro has. This is a complete
list of treasure that is dropped. It is possible the Man-Eater Chest drops
treasure, but the answer to that remains unknown.


                                                 1.2-Copyright Notice

This information is copyrighted by MI4 REAL and xiro. We will allow you to use
the info in this FAQ if you give us FULL CREDIT. No selling of this FAQ is
allowed.
©2000 MI4 REAL and xiro


                                                1.3-Version History

                             1.0-First version of Dropped Treasure FAQ



                                                1.4-The FAQ

The treasures are listed in alphabetical order from Acorns of Life to Wing of
Wyvern.



Acorns of Life: Putrepup, Avenger Jackal, King Squid,Sky Dragon, Snow Dragon,
Kong, Kragacles.

Agility Seed: Avenger Raven, Metal Slime, Avenger Beak, Darthbear.
Animal Suit: Vampire Cat, Catula.
Antidote Herb: Babble, Poison Toad, Poison Silkworm,Venom Zombie.
Armor of Terrafirma: Stone Hulk.


Battle Axe: Avenger.
Book of Satori: Blue Beak.
Broad Sword: Skeleton.
Bronze Shield: Infernus Crab.


Chain Sickle: Eliminator.
Cloak of Evasion: Hunter Fly, Hades' Condor, Ghoul.
Clothes: Hork.
Club: Troll.
Copper Sword: Rogue Knight.
Cypress Stick: Slime Snail


Demon Axe: Mimic.


Fairy Water: Magician, Demon Toadstool, Mummy, Bighorn.
Fighting Suit: Tentacles.
Flashy Clothes: Dancing Jewel.
Full Moon Herb: Man O' War, Stingwing.
Full Plate Armor: Lethal Armor.


Golden Claw: Gold Basher.
Golden Crown: Kandar (First Battle)


Half Plate Armor: Infernus Knight.


Intelligence Seed: Madhound, Flamapede, Great Beak.
Invisibility Herb: Witch, Old Hag.
Iron Claw: Garuda, Goopi.
Iron Helmet: Tortragon.
Iron Spear: Tonguebear.


Leaf of World Tree: Lava Basher, Voodoo Shaman,Evil Mage, Hydra.
Leather Helmet: Giant Anteater, Spiked Hare, Merzonician.
Leather Shield: Rammore.
Luck Seed: Scorpion Wasp, Vampire, Lumpus, Heat Cloud,Witch Doctor, King
Tortragon.


Magic Bikini: King Merzon.
Magic Knife: Humanabat.
Medical Herb: Slime, Black Raven, Horned Rabbit, Demon Anteater, Froggore,
Killer Bee, Caterpillar, Mummy Man, Red Slime.

Multi Edge Sword: Frost Cloud, Elysium Bird.
Mysterious Hat: Glacier Basher, Magiwyvern, Barog.


Orochi Sword: Orochi (First battle, get everytime)


Poison Moth Powder: Nev, Deranger, Voodoo Warlock.
Poison Needle: Man-Eater Moth, Executioner.
Purple Orb: Orochi (Second battle, get everytime)


Shell Armor: Crabus.
Shield of Sorrow: Lionhead, Leona, Lionroar.
Shoes of Happiness: Metal Babble.
Snowblast Sword: Marauder, Swordoid.
Staff of Reflection: Archmage.
Stone of Life: Bomb Crag, Hologhost, Vile Shadow.
Strength Seed: Healer, Wild Ape, Merzon, Fierce Bear,Goategon, Grizzly,
Scalgon, Salamander, Putregon.

Sword Of Illusion: Winged Demon.


Thorn Whip: King Froggore, Terror Shadow.
Thor's Sword: Granite Titan, Boss Troll, Troll King.


Unlucky Helmet: Minidemon.


Vitality Seed: Gas Cloud, Trick Bag, Curer, Green Dragon.


Water Blaster: Demonite.
Wayfarer's Clothes: Army Crab, Barnabas.
Wing of Wyvern: Masked Moth, Deadly Toadstool, Mage Toadstool, Simiac,
Marine Slime, Wyvern.


                                1.5-The enemies that drop nothing section

These enemies have not been confirmed to drop anything. They are as follows:

Man-Eater Chest
Kandar Henchman
Kandar (second battle)
Baramos
King Hydra
Baramos Bomus
Baramos Gonus
Zoma

Shadow (These guys mimic an enemy. They mimic attack,defense,HP,spells,moves,
treasure dropped, all. They will drop treasure. One time I was fighting a
shadow that mimicked a marine slime. It said "Marine Slime dropped a treasure
chest" and it was a wing of wyvern. So they only drop the treasure of the enemy
it mimics)


                            1.6- E-mail

You can E-mail me at Smagoo7010@AOL.com
or xiro at xirolocke@yahoo.com

We will accept suggestions,additions, serious info and kudos for this FAQ
We will not accept spam, advertisements, hate mail, false info, anything along
those lines.